README.md, before:

# Inventory Library for BlackBerry 10

![Flyve MDM banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/663460/26935464-54267e9c-4c6c-11e7-86df-8cfa6658133e.png)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory.svg?&label=License)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Follow twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/FlyveMDM.svg?style=social&label=Twitter&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/FlyveMDM)
[![Telegram Group](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Group-blue.svg)](https://t.me/flyvemdm)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory.svg)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory/releases)

Flyve MDM is a Mobile device management software that enables you to secure and manage all the mobile devices of your business or family via a web-based console.

To get started, check out <https://flyve-mdm.com/>!

## Table of contents

* [Synopsis](#synopsis)
* [Build Status](#build-status)
* [Installation](#installation)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contribute](#contribute)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Copying](#copying)

## Synopsis

TBF

## Build Status

| **Release channel** | **Beta channel** |
|:---:|:---:|
| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory) |

## Installation

## Documentation

We share long-form content about the project in the [wiki](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory/wiki).

## Versioning

In order to provide transparency on our release cycle and to maintain backward compatibility, Flyve MDM is maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/). We are committed to following and complying with the rules, the best we can.

See [the tags section of our GitHub project](http://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory/tags) for changelogs for each release version of Flyve MDM. Release announcement posts on [the official Teclib' blog](http://www.teclib-edition.com/en/communities/blog-posts/) contain summaries of the most noteworthy changes made in each release.

## Contribute

Want to file a bug, contribute some code, or improve documentation? Excellent! Read up on our
guidelines for [contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and then check out one of our issues in the [Issues Dashboard](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory/issues).

## Contact

For notices about major changes and general discussion of Flyve MDM development, subscribe to the [/r/FlyveMDM](http://www.reddit.com/r/FlyveMDM) subreddit.
You can also chat with us via IRC in [#flyve-mdm on freenode](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=flyve-mdm]).
Ping me @rafaelje in the IRC chatroom if you get stuck.

## Copying

* **Name**: [Flyve MDM](https://flyve-mdm.com/) is a registered trademark of [Teclib'](http://www.teclib-edition.com/en/).
* **Code**: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License ([GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)).
* **Documentation**: released under Attribution 4.0 International ([CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)).

Commit message:

docs(readne): update content
remove empty headers
add missing badges
update links

Signed-off-by: Naylin Medina <nmedina@teclib.com>

README.md, after:

# Inventory Library for BlackBerry 10

![Flyve MDM banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/663460/26935464-54267e9c-4c6c-11e7-86df-8cfa6658133e.png)

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library.svg?&label=License)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library/blob/master/LICENSE.md)
[![Follow twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/FlyveMDM.svg?style=social&label=Twitter&style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/FlyveMDM)
[![Telegram Community](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Community-blue.svg)](https://t.me/flyvemdm)
[![Telegram Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-Contributors-blue.svg)](https://t.me/flyvemdmdev)
[![Project Status: Concept](http://www.repostatus.org/badges/latest/concept.svg)](http://www.repostatus.org/#concept)
[![Conventional Commits](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional%20Commits-1.0.0-yellow.svg)](https://conventionalcommits.org)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory.svg)](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/flyve-mdm-blackberry-inventory/releases)
[![IRC Chat](https://img.shields.io/badge/IRC-%23flyvemdm-green.svg)](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=flyve-mdm)

Flyve MDM is a Mobile device management software that enables you to secure and manage all the mobile devices of your business or family via a web-based console.

To get started, check out <https://flyve-mdm.com/>!

## Table of contents

* [Synopsis](#synopsis)
* [Build Status](#build-status)
* [Documentation](#documentation)
* [Versioning](#versioning)
* [Contribute](#contribute)
* [Contact](#contact)
* [Copying](#copying)

## Synopsis

Inventory library that sacans your Blackberry device, gathering both software and hardware information.

## Build Status

|**LTS**|**Bleeding Edge**|
|:---:|:---:|
| [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library) |

## Documentation

We maintain a detailed documentation of the project on the website, check the [How-tos](http://flyve.org/blackberry-inventory-library/howtos/) and [Development](http://flyve.org/blackberry-inventory-library/) section.

## Versioning

In order to provide transparency on our release cycle and to maintain backward compatibility, Flyve MDM is maintained under [the Semantic Versioning guidelines](http://semver.org/). We are committed to following and complying with the rules, the best we can.

See [the tags section of our GitHub project](http://github.com/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library/tags) for changelogs for each release version of Flyve MDM. Release announcement posts on [the official Teclib' blog](http://www.teclib-edition.com/en/communities/blog-posts/) contain summaries of the most noteworthy changes made in each release.

## Contribute

Want to file a bug, contribute some code, or improve documentation? Excellent! Read up on our
guidelines for [contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) and then check out one of our issues in the [Issues Dashboard](https://github.com/flyve-mdm/blackberry-inventory-library/issues).

## Contact

For notices about major changes and general discussion of Flyve MDM development, subscribe to the [/r/FlyveMDM](http://www.reddit.com/r/FlyveMDM) subreddit.
You can also chat with us via IRC in [#flyve-mdm on freenode](http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=flyve-mdm).
Ping me @rafaelje in the IRC chatroom if you get stuck.

## Copying

* **Name**: [Flyve MDM](https://flyve-mdm.com/) is a registered trademark of [Teclib'](http://www.teclib-edition.com/en/).
* **Code**: you can redistribute it and/or modify
    it under the terms of the GNU General Public License ([GPLv3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html)).
* **Documentation**: released under Attribution 4.0 International ([CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)).
